Add 'missing' arg (#346)
easystats/correlation: NEWS.md

# correlation 0.8.xxx

> - `correlation()` gains a `use=` argument, similar to `stats::cor(use=)`, for controlling how missing data is dealt with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `correlation()` gains a `missing=` argument, similar to `stats::cor(use=)`, for controlling how missing data is handled.
```
